README.md, before:

# Codelocks API Wrapper

Lightweight PHP wrapper for the [Codelocks Connect API](https://www.codelocksconnect.net/api-documentation).

## Installing

Install via composer:

```
composer require drinkynet/codelocks-api
```

## Examples

Create an instance of the Codelocks class with your API key and default Access Key

```php
$codelocks = new \drinkynet\Codelocks\Codelocks($key, $accessKey);

$netcode = $codelocks->netcode();
```

Get a netcode for lock `0000000000000000000000000000001a` that is valid now:

```php
$netcode->lock('0000000000000000000000000000001a')->get();
```

Get a netcode for lock `0000000000000000000000000000001a` that is valid for a specific time and date:

```php
$code = $netcode->lock('0000000000000000000000000000001a')
    ->date(new \DateTime('2016-09-23'))
    ->hour(9)
    ->duration(1)
    ->get();
```

**Note:** You can get the lock ID for each lock from the lock list returned by the ```->lock()``` method call


Get an initialisation sequence for a lock model:

```php
$codelocks = new \drinkynet\Codelocks\Codelocks($key, $accessKey);

// Init sequence data with default master code
$init = $codelocks->init()
    ->lockModel('K3CONNECT')
    ->get();

// Init sequence data with custom master code
$init = $codelocks->init()
    ->lockModel('K3CONNECT')
    ->masterCode('12345678')
    ->get();
```

Get a list of locks associated with the API credentials:

```php
$codelocks = new \drinkynet\Codelocks\Codelocks($key, $accessKey);

// Uses the accessKey set earlier
$locks = $codelocks->lock()->get();

// Use a different accessKey associated with the API key
$locks $codelocks->lock('abcde12345')->get();
```

## Previous versions

If you are using the "Codelocks Customer API" install the 6.0.1 version of this wrapper via composer.

**Note:** API versions prior to this are nolonger avaialable online.

Commit message:

Add a backwards compatibility notice to the readme

README.md, after:

# Codelocks API Wrapper

Lightweight PHP wrapper for the [Codelocks Connect API](https://www.codelocksconnect.net/api-documentation).

This wrapper update is aimed at being backwards compatible with the previous version makign it a drop-in replacement to connect to the new API with new breaking changes to method calls or structure.

## Installing

Install via composer:

```
composer require drinkynet/codelocks-api
```

## Examples

Create an instance of the Codelocks class with your API key and default Access Key

```php
$codelocks = new \drinkynet\Codelocks\Codelocks($key, $accessKey);

$netcode = $codelocks->netcode();
```

Get a netcode for lock `0000000000000000000000000000001a` that is valid now:

```php
$netcode->lock('0000000000000000000000000000001a')->get();
```

Get a netcode for lock `0000000000000000000000000000001a` that is valid for a specific time and date:

```php
$code = $netcode->lock('0000000000000000000000000000001a')
    ->date(new \DateTime('2016-09-23'))
    ->hour(9)
    ->duration(1)
    ->get();
```

**Note:** You can get the lock ID for each lock from the lock list returned by the ```->lock()``` method call


Get an initialisation sequence for a lock model:

```php
$codelocks = new \drinkynet\Codelocks\Codelocks($key, $accessKey);

// Init sequence data with default master code
$init = $codelocks->init()
    ->lockModel('K3CONNECT')
    ->get();

// Init sequence data with custom master code
$init = $codelocks->init()
    ->lockModel('K3CONNECT')
    ->masterCode('12345678')
    ->get();
```

Get a list of locks associated with the API credentials:

```php
$codelocks = new \drinkynet\Codelocks\Codelocks($key, $accessKey);

// Uses the accessKey set earlier
$locks = $codelocks->lock()->get();

// Use a different accessKey associated with the API key
$locks $codelocks->lock('abcde12345')->get();
```

## Previous versions

If you are using the "Codelocks Customer API" install the 6.0.1 version of this wrapper via composer.

**Note:** API versions prior to this are nolonger avaialable online.
